# Bunny Search

I miss this darn thing, this project is mostly borne out of my own fascination with this useful tool, a want to build, and see what I can unlock using it in my personal life. Time is money and I do see this being a time-saving, albeit probably miniscule, tool. If you're still wondering what the h--- bunny is, just know it's an awesome redirection tool that you can find out more about at this great [blog post](https://developers.facebook.com/blog/post/2020/06/03/build-smart-bookmarking-tool-rust-rocket/).  

## We're still under construction... 🛠️
I'm still building here so whatever you read beyond this point will be just me spitballing as I figure out how I want to go about this. In all honesty, in a world post-Claude, I'm taking this the "vanilla" route to ensure my gears are well oiled.

For those keeping track of this live, or the smaller few who might be lurking in the commit history, know that I'm opting for a Go webserver. You might think there's a good, well-calculated reason for this. Nope. I think I'm just leaning towards nostalgia here given my past experience in Go at Uber. Ironic because in my time there, I've been let known that Go is a **horrible** language by some brilliant minds. I don't have the linked blog post from then but I'm sure a quick Google search will yield a plethora of complaints about how there are languages with leagues better type systems *cough cough Rust*.

In Uber-land, we've got a myriad of microservices, a large portion of which are based in Go. Given Uber's microservice architecture, there could be N number of microservices out there. A wild-wild-west is a headache and a half for any engineer out there just looking to browse service code. To enforce uniformity, Uber's Go platform team came up with Glue, an ingenious MVC framework built on top of their open-sourced dependency injection framework [Fx](https://github.com/uber-go/fx). There's a lot of internal mumbo-jumbo that you can probably extrapolate from their [engineering blog](https://www.uber.com/us/en/blog/engineering/backend/) but in a nut-shell, we've got Handlers and Controllers. The former handles the I/O and the latter houses the meat of the business logic, a.k.a. where the magic happens. Now I won't fully replicate what Uber had going given dependency injection is frankly overkill for what I'm trying to achieve, but I'll keep this Handler + Controller pattern that I've come to know and love during my time there. Seriously, I really only chose this language out of love for the awesome work I did there and to make sure I don't forget how to write it. 

You might not get the reason behind this separation just by eye-balling the code as it is since it's a very trivial application. This really only becomes important at scale when you've got numerous applications "talking" to each other via ever mutating request / response contracts. Keeping your business logic request / response agnostic insulates it from disruptive versioning changes from your downstreams. Shoot, if you want to rename up a certain request parameter for your callers, it would help in that scenario too. Any minor contractual changes can be resolved in your handler layer and you need not even look at your business logic. Why run the risk of touching business critical code? 

The question then becomes, how do we do this? Nevermind whatever you expect from your upstreams, you need to maintain a strict internal contract between your handler and your controller. The handler's job is then to map whatever raw, unprocessed request its fed to this meaningful contract. Uber and other companies do this a little bit more elegantly than simple HTTP JSON via protobufs or thrifts but the point remains, **always** map requests to internal contracts. 

I'm not going to explain all the nitty gritty details of the business logic, not that there's much explaining to do in the first place. I am, however, going to call out the YAML I've added. At Meta, Bunny can be configured with any number of redirects to any number of tools or websites. Part of being a company that's however old Meta is having a "do it yourself" mentality. In Meta's, then Facebook's, early days, the developer ecosystem looked vastly different, if not barren. There's a reason why the Meta's and the Google's have their own versions of broadly used tech today: it's because it simply didn't exist when they first needed it and they just had to go build it. Of course, once their revenues ballooned to absurd levels, they could just afford to keep that practice going. Now with that in mind, imagine how many tools we'd have to hard-code into our application just to get bunny to "hop" to them. It's mind-blowing at Meta-scale, not so much on my personal setup. However, I still went with the YAML approach to make this config driven instead. Yet another learning from Uber :)

At this point, I'm largely done, I do think there's more I can do with the resolver (like maybe username search with social media), but that can come after I deploy this thing to the cloud and get this rolling!